README.md, before:

# TinDog Project

HINT: To fiure out which Bootstrap components/snippets are used. Refer to the PDF below:
https://github.com/appbrewery/tindog/blob/main/Bootstrap-snippets.pdf

## SVGs:

Apple Logo:
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor"
                class="bi bi-apple mb-1" viewBox="0 0 16 16">
<path
                  d="M11.182.008C11.148-.03 9.923.023 8.857 1.18c-1.066 1.156-.902 2.482-.878 2.516.024.034 1.52.087 2.475-1.258.955-1.345.762-2.391.728-2.43Zm3.314 11.733c-.048-.096-2.325-1.234-2.113-3.422.212-2.189 1.675-2.789 1.698-2.854.023-.065-.597-.79-1.254-1.157a3.692 3.692 0 0 0-1.563-.434c-.108-.003-.483-.095-1.254.116-.508.139-1.653.589-1.968.607-.316.018-1.256-.522-2.267-.665-.647-.125-1.333.131-1.824.328-.49.196-1.422.754-2.074 2.237-.652 1.482-.311 3.83-.067 4.56.244.729.625 1.924 1.273 2.796.576.984 1.34 1.667 1.659 1.899.319.232 1.219.386 1.843.067.502-.308 1.408-.485 1.766-.472.357.013 1.061.154 1.782.539.571.197 1.111.115 1.652-.105.541-.221 1.324-1.059 2.238-2.758.347-.79.505-1.217.473-1.282Z" />
<path
                  d="M11.182.008C11.148-.03 9.923.023 8.857 1.18c-1.066 1.156-.902 2.482-.878 2.516.024.034 1.52.087 2.475-1.258.955-1.345.762-2.391.728-2.43Zm3.314 11.733c-.048-.096-2.325-1.234-2.113-3.422.212-2.189 1.675-2.789 1.698-2.854.023-.065-.597-.79-1.254-1.157a3.692 3.692 0 0 0-1.563-.434c-.108-.003-.483-.095-1.254.116-.508.139-1.653.589-1.968.607-.316.018-1.256-.522-2.267-.665-.647-.125-1.333.131-1.824.328-.49.196-1.422.754-2.074 2.237-.652 1.482-.311 3.83-.067 4.56.244.729.625 1.924 1.273 2.796.576.984 1.34 1.667 1.659 1.899.319.232 1.219.386 1.843.067.502-.308 1.408-.485 1.766-.472.357.013 1.061.154 1.782.539.571.197 1.111.115 1.652-.105.541-.221 1.324-1.059 2.238-2.758.347-.79.505-1.217.473-1.282Z" />
</svg>

Google Play Logo:
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor"
                class="bi bi-google-play mb-1" viewBox="0 0 16 16">
<path
                  d="M14.222 9.374c1.037-.61 1.037-2.137 0-2.748L11.528 5.04 8.32 8l3.207 2.96 2.694-1.586Zm-3.595 2.116L7.583 8.68 1.03 14.73c.201 1.029 1.36 1.61 2.303 1.055l7.294-4.295ZM1 13.396V2.603L6.846 8 1 13.396ZM1.03 1.27l6.553 6.05 3.044-2.81L3.333.215C2.39-.341 1.231.24 1.03 1.27Z" />
</svg>

Checkmark:
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" height="30" fill="currentColor" class="bi bi-check2-circle"
              viewBox="0 0 16 16">
<path
                d="M2.5 8a5.5 5.5 0 0 1 8.25-4.764.5.5 0 0 0 .5-.866A6.5 6.5 0 1 0 14.5 8a.5.5 0 0 0-1 0 5.5 5.5 0 1 1-11 0z" />
<path
                d="M15.354 3.354a.5.5 0 0 0-.708-.708L8 9.293 5.354 6.646a.5.5 0 1 0-.708.708l3 3a.5.5 0 0 0 .708 0l7-7z" />
</svg>

Hat:
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" height="30" fill="currentColor" class="bi bi-mortarboard" viewBox="0 0 16 16">
<path d="M8.211 2.047a.5.5 0 0 0-.422 0l-7.5 3.5a.5.5 0 0 0 .025.917l7.5 3a.5.5 0 0 0 .372 0L14 7.14V13a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v2h3v-2a1 1 0 0 0-1-1V6.739l.686-.275a.5.5 0 0 0 .025-.917l-7.5-3.5ZM8 8.46 1.758 5.965 8 3.052l6.242 2.913L8 8.46Z"/>
<path d="M4.176 9.032a.5.5 0 0 0-.656.327l-.5 1.7a.5.5 0 0 0 .294.605l4.5 1.8a.5.5 0 0 0 .372 0l4.5-1.8a.5.5 0 0 0 .294-.605l-.5-1.7a.5.5 0 0 0-.656-.327L8 10.466 4.176 9.032Zm-.068 1.873.22-.748 3.496 1.311a.5.5 0 0 0 .352 0l3.496-1.311.22.748L8 12.46l-3.892-1.556Z"/>
</svg>

Heart:
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" height="30" fill="currentColor" class="bi bi-arrow-through-heart"
              viewBox="0 0 16 16">
<path fill-rule="evenodd"
                d="M2.854 15.854A.5.5 0 0 1 2 15.5V14H.5a.5.5 0 0 1-.354-.854l1.5-1.5A.5.5 0 0 1 2 11.5h1.793l.53-.53c-.771-.802-1.328-1.58-1.704-2.32-.798-1.575-.775-2.996-.213-4.092C3.426 2.565 6.18 1.809 8 3.233c1.25-.98 2.944-.928 4.212-.152L13.292 2 12.147.854A.5.5 0 0 1 12.5 0h3a.5.5 0 0 1 .5.5v3a.5.5 0 0 1-.854.354L14 2.707l-1.006 1.006c.236.248.44.531.6.845.562 1.096.585 2.517-.213 4.092-.793 1.563-2.395 3.288-5.105 5.08L8 13.912l-.276-.182a21.86 21.86 0 0 1-2.685-2.062l-.539.54V14a.5.5 0 0 1-.146.354l-1.5 1.5Zm2.893-4.894A20.419 20.419 0 0 0 8 12.71c2.456-1.666 3.827-3.207 4.489-4.512.679-1.34.607-2.42.215-3.185-.817-1.595-3.087-2.054-4.346-.761L8 4.62l-.358-.368c-1.259-1.293-3.53-.834-4.346.761-.392.766-.464 1.845.215 3.185.323.636.815 1.33 1.519 2.065l1.866-1.867a.5.5 0 1 1 .708.708L5.747 10.96Z" />
</svg>

## Text:

Meet new and interesting dogs nearby.

Easy to use.
So easy to use, even your dog could do it.

Elite Clientele.
We have all the dogs, the greatest dogs.

Guaranteed to work.
Find the love of your dog's life or your money back.

"I no longer have to sniff other dogs for love. I've found the hottest Corgi on TinDog. Woof."
Pebbles, New York

A Plan for Every Dog's Needs
Simple and affordable price plans for you and your dog.

Chihuahua
$0/mo
5 Matches Per Day
10 Messages Per Day
Unlimited App Usage

Labrador
$15/mo
Unlimited Matches
Unlimited Messages
Unlimited App Usage

Mastiff
$29/mo
Pirority Listing
Unlimited Matches & Messages
Unlimited App Usage

Commit message:

Start of a land page to showcase a app to help cats find partners. Fixed some initial errors and bugs. Also Title Features and Testimonials are done.

README.md, after:

# Tin Cat Project

HINT: To fiure out which Bootstrap components/snippets are used. Refer to the PDF below:
*To add in the future*

## SVGs:

Apple Logo:
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor"
                class="bi bi-apple mb-1" viewBox="0 0 16 16">
<path
                  d="M11.182.008C11.148-.03 9.923.023 8.857 1.18c-1.066 1.156-.902 2.482-.878 2.516.024.034 1.52.087 2.475-1.258.955-1.345.762-2.391.728-2.43Zm3.314 11.733c-.048-.096-2.325-1.234-2.113-3.422.212-2.189 1.675-2.789 1.698-2.854.023-.065-.597-.79-1.254-1.157a3.692 3.692 0 0 0-1.563-.434c-.108-.003-.483-.095-1.254.116-.508.139-1.653.589-1.968.607-.316.018-1.256-.522-2.267-.665-.647-.125-1.333.131-1.824.328-.49.196-1.422.754-2.074 2.237-.652 1.482-.311 3.83-.067 4.56.244.729.625 1.924 1.273 2.796.576.984 1.34 1.667 1.659 1.899.319.232 1.219.386 1.843.067.502-.308 1.408-.485 1.766-.472.357.013 1.061.154 1.782.539.571.197 1.111.115 1.652-.105.541-.221 1.324-1.059 2.238-2.758.347-.79.505-1.217.473-1.282Z" />
<path
                  d="M11.182.008C11.148-.03 9.923.023 8.857 1.18c-1.066 1.156-.902 2.482-.878 2.516.024.034 1.52.087 2.475-1.258.955-1.345.762-2.391.728-2.43Zm3.314 11.733c-.048-.096-2.325-1.234-2.113-3.422.212-2.189 1.675-2.789 1.698-2.854.023-.065-.597-.79-1.254-1.157a3.692 3.692 0 0 0-1.563-.434c-.108-.003-.483-.095-1.254.116-.508.139-1.653.589-1.968.607-.316.018-1.256-.522-2.267-.665-.647-.125-1.333.131-1.824.328-.49.196-1.422.754-2.074 2.237-.652 1.482-.311 3.83-.067 4.56.244.729.625 1.924 1.273 2.796.576.984 1.34 1.667 1.659 1.899.319.232 1.219.386 1.843.067.502-.308 1.408-.485 1.766-.472.357.013 1.061.154 1.782.539.571.197 1.111.115 1.652-.105.541-.221 1.324-1.059 2.238-2.758.347-.79.505-1.217.473-1.282Z" />
</svg>

Google Play Logo:
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="16" height="16" fill="currentColor"
                class="bi bi-google-play mb-1" viewBox="0 0 16 16">
<path
                  d="M14.222 9.374c1.037-.61 1.037-2.137 0-2.748L11.528 5.04 8.32 8l3.207 2.96 2.694-1.586Zm-3.595 2.116L7.583 8.68 1.03 14.73c.201 1.029 1.36 1.61 2.303 1.055l7.294-4.295ZM1 13.396V2.603L6.846 8 1 13.396ZM1.03 1.27l6.553 6.05 3.044-2.81L3.333.215C2.39-.341 1.231.24 1.03 1.27Z" />
</svg>

Checkmark:
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" height="30" fill="currentColor" class="bi bi-check2-circle"
              viewBox="0 0 16 16">
<path
                d="M2.5 8a5.5 5.5 0 0 1 8.25-4.764.5.5 0 0 0 .5-.866A6.5 6.5 0 1 0 14.5 8a.5.5 0 0 0-1 0 5.5 5.5 0 1 1-11 0z" />
<path
                d="M15.354 3.354a.5.5 0 0 0-.708-.708L8 9.293 5.354 6.646a.5.5 0 1 0-.708.708l3 3a.5.5 0 0 0 .708 0l7-7z" />
</svg>

Hat:
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" height="30" fill="currentColor" class="bi bi-mortarboard" viewBox="0 0 16 16">
<path d="M8.211 2.047a.5.5 0 0 0-.422 0l-7.5 3.5a.5.5 0 0 0 .025.917l7.5 3a.5.5 0 0 0 .372 0L14 7.14V13a1 1 0 0 0-1 1v2h3v-2a1 1 0 0 0-1-1V6.739l.686-.275a.5.5 0 0 0 .025-.917l-7.5-3.5ZM8 8.46 1.758 5.965 8 3.052l6.242 2.913L8 8.46Z"/>
<path d="M4.176 9.032a.5.5 0 0 0-.656.327l-.5 1.7a.5.5 0 0 0 .294.605l4.5 1.8a.5.5 0 0 0 .372 0l4.5-1.8a.5.5 0 0 0 .294-.605l-.5-1.7a.5.5 0 0 0-.656-.327L8 10.466 4.176 9.032Zm-.068 1.873.22-.748 3.496 1.311a.5.5 0 0 0 .352 0l3.496-1.311.22.748L8 12.46l-3.892-1.556Z"/>
</svg>

Heart:
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" height="30" fill="currentColor" class="bi bi-arrow-through-heart"
              viewBox="0 0 16 16">
<path fill-rule="evenodd"
                d="M2.854 15.854A.5.5 0 0 1 2 15.5V14H.5a.5.5 0 0 1-.354-.854l1.5-1.5A.5.5 0 0 1 2 11.5h1.793l.53-.53c-.771-.802-1.328-1.58-1.704-2.32-.798-1.575-.775-2.996-.213-4.092C3.426 2.565 6.18 1.809 8 3.233c1.25-.98 2.944-.928 4.212-.152L13.292 2 12.147.854A.5.5 0 0 1 12.5 0h3a.5.5 0 0 1 .5.5v3a.5.5 0 0 1-.854.354L14 2.707l-1.006 1.006c.236.248.44.531.6.845.562 1.096.585 2.517-.213 4.092-.793 1.563-2.395 3.288-5.105 5.08L8 13.912l-.276-.182a21.86 21.86 0 0 1-2.685-2.062l-.539.54V14a.5.5 0 0 1-.146.354l-1.5 1.5Zm2.893-4.894A20.419 20.419 0 0 0 8 12.71c2.456-1.666 3.827-3.207 4.489-4.512.679-1.34.607-2.42.215-3.185-.817-1.595-3.087-2.054-4.346-.761L8 4.62l-.358-.368c-1.259-1.293-3.53-.834-4.346.761-.392.766-.464 1.845.215 3.185.323.636.815 1.33 1.519 2.065l1.866-1.867a.5.5 0 1 1 .708.708L5.747 10.96Z" />
</svg>

## Text:

Meet new and interesting cats nearby.

Easy to use.
So easy to use, even your cat could do it.

Elite Clientele.
We have all the cats, the greatest cats.

Guaranteed to work.
Find the love of your cat's life or your money back.

"I no longer have to sniff other cats for love. I've found the hottest Corgi on TinCat. Woof."
Pebbles, New York

A Plan for Every Cat's Needs
Simple and affordable price plans for you and your cat.

Chihuahua
$0/mo
5 Matches Per Day
10 Messages Per Day
Unlimited App Usage

Labrador
$15/mo
Unlimited Matches
Unlimited Messages
Unlimited App Usage

Mastiff
$29/mo
Pirority Listing
Unlimited Matches & Messages
Unlimited App Usage
